Rework Quickstart guide (#1193)
scality/metalk8s: docs/quickstart/index.rst

Quickstart Guide
==================

.. _MetalK8s: https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/

> This guide describes how to set up a MetalK8s_ cluster to play with. It

Reviewer: `to play with` can be removed I think.

Author: I believe the point was to insist on the PoC/demo nature of the cluster deployed with this Quickstart. 

Maybe I can rephrase:

```suggestion
This guide describes how to set up a MetalK8s_ cluster for experimentation.
For production installations, refer to the :doc:`/installation-guide/index`.
```

Reviewer: Yes, looks better/clearer :)

offers general requirements and describes sizing, configuration, and
deployment. It also explains major concepts central to MetalK8s architecture,
and will show how to access various services after completing the setup.

> With respect to installation procedures, the only significant difference

Reviewer 2: Minor: 

> The only difference [...] between [...] with respect to installation procedures is the amount of resources [...]

It's a long sentence this way unfortunately, so it could be rephrased instead. Something like

> The installation of a test cluster and a production cluster only differ by the amount of hardware resources required to implement the design.

This could also be a `.. note::`

Author: Yeah, just an excerpt from the previous Quickstart, I'll rephrase (though the notion of hardware recommendation for production architectures is not that crucial for such a guide IMO).

Author: Actually, I'll remove this paragraph, since the Quickstart is designed for building a test cluster, not a production one. Prod concerns will come with the extended `Installation guide`, which I refer to above.
